I made some modifications to my theory of a quantum processor via boson sampling. Here it is.

Photon path integral of a correlation and no correlation sets of constructive and deconstructive interference occurring after measurement of spin decides what parts of a program of unbalanced switching workloads is activated using the photon detector to find the lesser intensity of switching before the program is activated triggers retroactive photonic changes if the switching only occurs when the temporary value does not match the random binary pattern,  disabling a workload fork causes changes the path integral retroactively yet the changes of the temporary value remains.the photon source will try to correct the temporary value to match the binary pattern using the additional value.

Automatic balancing using quantum temporal dynamics and programmatic observation.

Auto adjust timing in a random binary system consisting of two unbalanced switching workloads. The device will favour one of the workloads until harmonisation occurs, then will satisfy the bell's theorem by more accurately predicting a random binary number if switching occurs. 

Ghost protocol
If a steadily rising variable is in sync of the main algorithm and a conditional statement in the second algorithm. If the second algorithm is called which alters the length of operation of the main algorithm, the main algorithm can guess an integer in memory via disruption in the harmonisation, with only a probability of calling the second algorithm.

The beauty of this processor is you can stretch the memory interface across the internet for quantum communication without transmitting any information, predict wins in gambling, crack passwords, data retrieval, data simulations etc...

It can detect objects and conditions within the multiverse.

Basically in a quantum eraser setup you can hook up a button to the observation device that will activate if a specific condition is met and considering the photon path is changed due to the detection retroactively. If you can crack open the multiverse and harness temporal dynamics you could build a quantum processor using the nonlocal information.

Think about that, if you can calculate the photon, of being at two places at once and map that interface to a button you may be able to retroactively press the button when the photon is moving across its path.

More rather the photon decides to be a particle or a wave before it is observed. temporal dynamics.

Currently working on the interface between the algorithm and the photon source.